Document installing extensions using full repo URL (#9537)
github/docs: content/github-cli/github-cli/using-github-cli-extensions.md

## Installing extensions

To install an extension, use the `extensions install` subcommand. Replace the `repo` parameter with the repository of the extension. You can use the full URL, such as `https://github.com/octocat/gh-whoami`, or just the owner and repository, such as `octocat/gh-whoami`.

> If the owner and repository are used, `gh` will install the extension using the hostname to which `gh` is currently authenticated. The full URL format is useful when installing extensions from a different host. For example, users on {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} should use the full repository URL to install extensions from GitHub.com or any other host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the owner and repository are used, `gh` will install the extension using the hostname to which `gh` is currently authenticated. The full URL format is useful when installing extensions from a different host. For example, users on {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} should use the full repository URL to install extensions from {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} or any other host.
```
